feat(resource): New lacework_report_rule (#237)
lacework/terraform-provider-lacework: website/docs/r/report_rule.html.markdown

## Example Usage

#### Report Rule with Aws Compliance Reports
```hcl
resource "lacework_report_channel_email" "team_email" {
  name       = "Team Emails"
  recipients = ["foo@example.com", "bar@example.com"]
}

resource "lacework_report_rule" "example" {
  name                 = "My Report Rule"
  description          = "This is an example report rule"
  email_alert_channels = [lacework_report_channel_email.team_email.id]
  severities           = ["Critical", "High"]

  aws_compliance_reports {
    cis_s3 = true
  }
  weekly_snapshot = true
}
```

#### Report Rule with Gcp Compliance Reports and Gcp Resource Group
```hcl
resource "lacework_report_channel_email" "team_email" {
  name       = "Team Emails"
  recipients = ["foo@example.com", "bar@example.com"]
}

resource "lacework_resource_group_gcp" "all_gcp_projects" {
  name         = "GCP Resource Group"
  description  = "All Gcp Projects"
  organization = "MyGcpOrg"
  projects     = ["*"]
}

resource "lacework_report_rule" "example" {
  name                 = "My Report Rule"
  description          = "This is an example report rule"

>   email_alert_channels = [lacework_report_channel_slack.ops_critical.id]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  email_alert_channels = [lacework_report_channel_email.team_email.id]
```

---
subcategory: "Report Rules"
layout: "lacework"
page_title: "Lacework: lacework_report_rule"
description: |-
  Create and manage Lacework Report Rules
---

# lacework\_report\_rule

> Use this resource to create a Lacework Report Rule in order to route reports to an email alert channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this resource to create a Lacework Report Rule in order to route reports to one or more email alert channels.
```

For more information, see the [Report Rules documentation](https://docs.lacework.com/report-rules).

## Example Usage

#### Report Rule with Aws Compliance Reports
```hcl
resource "lacework_report_channel_email" "team_email" {
  name       = "Team Emails"
  recipients = ["foo@example.com", "bar@example.com"]
}

resource "lacework_report_rule" "example" {
  name                 = "My Report Rule"
  description          = "This is an example report rule"
  email_alert_channels = [lacework_report_channel_email.team_email.id]
  severities           = ["Critical", "High"]

  aws_compliance_reports {
    cis_s3 = true
  }
  weekly_snapshot = true
}
```

#### Report Rule with Gcp Compliance Reports and Gcp Resource Group
```hcl
resource "lacework_report_channel_email" "team_email" {
  name       = "Team Emails"
  recipients = ["foo@example.com", "bar@example.com"]
}

resource "lacework_resource_group_gcp" "all_gcp_projects" {
  name         = "GCP Resource Group"
  description  = "All Gcp Projects"
  organization = "MyGcpOrg"
  projects     = ["*"]
}

resource "lacework_report_rule" "example" {
  name             = "My Report Rule"
  description      = "This is an example report rule"

>   channels         = [lacework_report_channel_slack.ops_critical.id]

Reviewer: ?? this seems wrong

Author: channels should be email_alert channel

  resource_groups  = [lacework_resource_group_gcp.all_gcp_projects.id]
  severities       = ["Critical"]

  gcp_compliance_reports {
    k8s = true
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The report rule name.

> * `channels` - (Required) The list of report channels for the rule to use.

Reviewer: did you mean alert channels, also, they are email alert channels

Author: it should be email alert channels. Good catch!

* `severities` - (Required) The list of the severities that the rule will apply. Valid severities include: 
  `Critical`, `High`, `Medium`, `Low` and `Info`.
* `description` - (Optional) The description of the report rule.
* `resource_groups` - (Optional) The list of resource groups the rule will apply to.
* `enabled` - (Optional) The state of the external integration. Defaults to `true`.
* `aws_compliance_reports` - (Optional) Compliance reports for Aws. See [Aws Compliance Reports](#Aws Compliance Reports) below for details.
* `azure_compliance_reports` - (Optional) Compliance reports for Azure. See [Azure Compliance Reports](#Azure Compliance Reports) below for details.
* `gcp_compliance_reports` - (Optional) Compliance reports for Gcp. See [Gcp Compliance Reports](#Gcp Compliance Reports) below for details.
* `daily_compliance_reports` - (Optional) Daily event summary reports. See [Daily Compliance Reports](#Daily Compliance Reports) below for details.
* `weekly_snapshot` - (Optional) A weekly compliance trend report for all monitored resources. Defaults to `false`.

### Aws Compliance Reports

`aws_compliance_reports` supports the following arguments:

> * `cis_s3` - (Optional) Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: could you please add a long description in both places, here in the website documentation as well as every field inside the Schema? You can get the actual report names/sentences from the UI:
![Screen Shot 2021-11-29 at 7 45 57 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5712253/143982366-cbe5d085-5777-4e78-9d51-8a03b62e7407.png)

Author: 👍
